ah
hello again
today we bring you a recipe for clams
the marinera an exquisite dish that
like almost everyone and that not everything
the world knows how to prepare then we have
chosen a recipe for clams to the
very simple sailor so that we do not
complicate good the first thing is to cut
the works in chunks peppers we are going
to cut the garlic and the onion
all very tiny for this recipe
since we already have almost all garlic
cut while we are exporting the
chive let's put about 100 grams
of butter in the pan so that it
we go melting so it is melting
while we take advantage to cut the
spring onion
we leave a cut in the middle
and we make some plates
but careful not to take us in
one finger
we are also doing a little bit the
very tiny
good with everything already well minced we have
the butter is already next to the pan
we take our garlic and our chive
and we started to force it very slowly
that does not burn
this has to be simmering all the
little while
if we burn the chive and the garlic is going
to give a bitter taste to the sauce
marinera and we do not want that, so with
love with dedication and with time
You see slowly this will take us some
5 minutes
re fry all this
well we have almost rebounded well
golden our cd projekt to our
low is the time to incorporate him now
the pinch of salt
a little salt
a little bit of chopped parsley
to color
we have more gorditas
a half teaspoon of flour
we refer to the flour well
As you can see, it has no difficulty and
the result
it's delicious
and now everything is fine repeat what
let's do is incorporate our
glass or half glass goes to tastes of
white wine any white wine is
OK
nothing of expensive things
and now we are going to reduce all this a
little that we take the alcohol out of
we're going to reduce it another 2 or 3
4 minutes as soon as it starts to boil
we incorporate the fish stock
in some of my videos I 've already
taught to make a fish stock
because for this recipe for example because
it is fundamental we add as I said
then the fish stock when there
reduced this a little bit
that cooks and we would finish the recipe
incorporating the clams
As you can see , we already have the reduction of
wine almost finished
You see the texture that the
salsa then now is the time to
add our fish broth
with a little step
to half a kilo of clams we have
enough in this case I bought a
fish shop some Japanese clams
you have 40,000 types of clams
and of all prices
with this recipe you can also do in
medium with clams you can incorporate
also cockle or you can incorporate
the typical chirla
It's worth it too
well that cook now another 23 minutes in
When it starts to boil, we incorporate the
Clams and we will finish our recipe
we have already made the whole basis of the
seafood sauce as you see already takes
cooking 23 minutes is the time to
find our clams I have
had an hour before soaking in water
and go out and clean them a little as you see
they are all clean and now nothing
we cook another 34 minutes just to
rapid fire so that they open well and
we serve
Well, they have already cooked, as you can see
raised almost all the caldito are already
now at the time of plating
and to like it
the mud house as it is
wonderfully well
and here you have the result I hope that you
go well and you like clams to the
sailor until then